Personal Projects
	2019
		C++ Command Line Paper Games
			Features (See README.txt on GitHub for more details)
				Local Score Tracking: Saves scores of win, loss and draw on device with usernames
				BattleShips: Simple battleships against an AI
				Tic Tac Toe (Standard and Extreme): Tic Tac Toe against a second user
				Connect 4: Connect 4 against a second user
				Hangman: Hangman where the computer picks a work and you try to guess
				Rock Paper Scissors: Rock Paper Scissors against the pc

			Local Score Tracking
				Local store tracking means that when the application is launched, you enter a username
				for player 1 and if you are playing with 2 people, player 2.
				If the username does not exist, it will be created and stored in the file.
				If the username does exist, it will display the current win loss and draw scores.
				Then when the user/users play any games, their scores will be updated in the file and
				stored for when they exit and reopen the application.
			BattleShips
				This is a standard version of battleships against an 'AI'.
				Open launching this game, you must place all your ships on the board using coordinates
				and orientations.
				The 'AI' will do the same, randomly placing their own ships.
				You will then take it in turns to attack coordinates to sink the ships.
				If an attack hits, the board will show an 'X', if it misses, it will show an 'O'.
				When a ship is sink, the whole ship will change to '-'.
				You can also see what ships you have left at the side.
				The AI will attempt to figure out where your ships are.
				It will begin by picking random positions, but once a ship has been hit, the 'AI'
				will determine if the ship is horizontal or vertical then attack accordingly until
				the ship has been sunk.
			Tic Tac Toe (Standard and Extreme)
				The standard tic tac toe is where you play against another player on the same pc to
				try to get 3 in a row.
				The extreme version is a board of tic tac toe boards.
				This is where you place a piece in one of the smaller boards and when a small board
				has been won, your piece gets placed onto the overall board.
				The goal is to win 3 games of tic tac toe in a row, filling in 3 of your pieces in the
				overall board.
				There is also the mechanic that where you place your piece in the smaller board,
				is the smaller board the other player must place their next piece.
				For example, if the current small board was 5 (the middle) and you placed your piece
				in slot 1 of the small board, the other player will then have to place a piece in the
				first small board (top left).
			Connect 4
				This is standard connect 4 where you can play against another player on the same pc.
				You enter the column you wish to place your piece and it will be placed at the next
				available slot in the column.
				The first one to connect 4 of their pieces horizontally, vertically or diagonally wins.
			Hangman
				This is the standard game of hangman where currently, the computer picks a random word
				from the text file and displays the number of letters to the user.
				The user can then enter letters to try to guess the word.
				After each guess, if the guess is correct, the letter appears. If the guess is incorrect,
				a new part to the hangman is added.
			Rock Paper Scissors
				This is a very basic game where the user can pick either Rock, Paper or Scissors and the
				computer also picks one of these at random. The winner is based on the standard rules.
		This Website
			Features
				List of projects
				List of qualifications
				List of experience

			Obviously, this is the website mentioned which has been made to show what I have worked on,
			what my qualifications are and what experience I have.
	2017
		Python Basic Shape Area Calculator
			Features
				Calculate area of triangles, rectangles and circles
				Multiple chances to enter answer
				GUI help screen
			This was a basic piece of code which I made when first being taught the python language.
			The code allows users to select a shape, (triangle, rectangle or circle), then allows the
			user to enter the 1 or 2 numbers needed for the calculation.
			It then allows the user to keep entering what they think the answer is until they get it
			correct or give up.
			The program also has a basic GUI window with the help information in to experiment with
			tkinter.
University Projects
	NOTE:
			Some of the methods and classes were given to us as a starting point for the assignment.
			However, the parts described below should all have been coded by me.
	Stage 2
		Glass Cutting
			Features
				Implementation of first fit and next fit
				Glass pane generator
				Testing for correctness and performance
				Sorting of glass panels to test performance
			This assignment was to code a solution to a version of the bin packing problem.
			The code had to include both the First Fit and Next Fit algorithms.
			It was also required that the generator class was modified and completed.
			The assignment also specified that both correctness testing and performance testing had to
			be coded fully.
			It was also required that sorting was implemented to determine whether sorting made a
			difference to the performance of the algorithms.
		Basic Sorting Algorithms
			Features
				Implementation of quicksort, insertion sort and an undefined sort
				Comparisons counted for each sort
			The aim of this assignment was just to implement multiple types of sorting algorithms
			including insertion sort, quicksort and an undefined sort given to us.
			It was also required that the comparisons required for the sorts were counted to evaluate the
			performance.
	Stage 1
		Telephone Directory
			Features
				Display a telephone directory
				Allows for management of entries
				Use of different data structures
				GUI and text based
			This was an assignment where the aim was to create a directory in Java to store and manage
			entries in a telephone directory.
			It was also required to give 3 different implementations using different data structures to
			compare the performance.
			It also had to have some form of GUI to manage the directory.
		Sandwich Builder
			Features
				Create custom sandwich from set ingredients
				Give options of premade sandwiches
				Total cost and give receipt
			This assignment was to create a sandwich making program that allowed the user to create a
			sandwich from ingredients and also total up the cost.
			It was required that the user could create their own sandwich or select a premade one from
			the menu.
			The program also had to display the receipt detailing what ingredients were included.
		Tax Calculator
			Features
				Calculate tax given list of incomes
				Create basic GUI bar chart of values
			This was one of the first proper Java programs I had written and the main aim was to make
			a program that would calculate tax given an income.
			It was also required that it created a bar chart of tax values when given a set of data.
YouTube



About
	Qualifications
		University
			Newcastle University
			MComp (Hons) Computer Science (Game Engineering)
			Stage 1: First class
			Stage 2: Current
		College
			Accrington and Rossendale College
			BTEC Computer Science / Game Development
			Grade: D*D*D*
		High School
			St Christopher's CofE
			GCSE's
			Grades: A* - C
	Experience
		2018
			Factory Worker
			Agrial Fresh
			Summer Job (3 Months)
		2017
			Factory Worker
			Salads to Go
			Summer Job (3 Months)
		2016 - 2018
			Retail Worker
			Home Bargains
			Part Time Job (2 Years)
		2017
			Retail Worker
			Currys/PC World
			Work Experience (1 Week)
Contact
	Email
		Arron2000@sky.com
